Ge5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made he him;
Ge5:2 Male and female created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the day when they were created.
Ge5:3 And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth:
Ge5:4 And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:5 And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.
Ge5:6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos:
Ge5:7 And Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:8 And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
Ge5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan:
Ge5:10 And Enos lived after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and five years: and he died.
Ge5:12 And Cainan lived seventy years, and begat Mahalaleel:
Ge5:13 And Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:14 And all the days of Cainan were nine hundred and ten years: and he died.
Ge5:15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:
Ge5:16 And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:17 And all the days of Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.
Ge5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat Enoch:
Ge5:19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine hundred sixty and two years: and he died.
Ge5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah:
Ge5:22 And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:23 And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years:
Ge5:24 And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.
Ge5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat Lamech:
Ge5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty and two years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:27 And all the days of Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.
Ge5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a son:
Ge5:29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground which the LORD hath cursed.
Ge5:30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five years, and begat sons and daughters:
Ge5:31 And all the days of Lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.
Ge5:32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
