Mat25:1 Then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins, which took their lamps, and went forth to meet the bridegroom.
Mat25:2 And five of them were wise, and five were foolish.
Mat25:3 They that were foolish took their lamps, and took no oil with them:
Mat25:4 But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
Mat25:5 While the bridegroom tarried, they all slumbered and slept.
Mat25:6 And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom cometh; go ye out to meet him.
Mat25:7 Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.
Mat25:8 And the foolish said unto the wise, Give us of your oil; for our lamps are gone out.
Mat25:9 But the wise answered, saying, Not so; lest there be not enough for us and you: but go ye rather to them that sell, and buy for yourselves.
Mat25:10 And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage: and the door was shut.
Mat25:11 Afterward came also the other virgins, saying, Lord, Lord, open to us.
Mat25:12 But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you not.
Mat25:13 Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.
Mat25:14 For the kingdom of heaven is as a man travelling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods.
Mat25:15 And unto one he gave five talents, to another two, and to another one; to every man according to his several ability; and straightway took his journey.
Mat25:16 Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same, and made them other five talents.
Mat25:17 And likewise he that had received two, he also gained other two.
Mat25:18 But he that had received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his lord's money.
Mat25:19 After a long time the lord of those servants cometh, and reckoneth with them.
Mat25:20 And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me five talents: behold, I have gained beside them five talents more.
Mat25:21 His lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Mat25:22 He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliveredst unto me two talents: behold, I have gained two other talents beside them.
Mat25:23 His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant; thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.
Mat25:24 Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:
Mat25:25 And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.
Mat25:26 His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:
Mat25:27 Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.
Mat25:28 Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath ten talents.
Mat25:29 For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.
Mat25:30 And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness: there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Mat25:31 When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:
Mat25:32 And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:
Mat25:33 And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.
Mat25:34 Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world:
Mat25:35 For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye took me in:
Mat25:36 Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.
Mat25:37 Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave thee drink?
Mat25:38 When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or naked, and clothed thee?
Mat25:39 Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came unto thee?
Mat25:40 And the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
Mat25:41 Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels:
Mat25:42 For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:
Mat25:43 I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited me not.
Mat25:44 Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto thee?
Mat25:45 Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least of these, ye did it not to me.
Mat25:46 And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.
