Phmn1:1 Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ, and Timothy our brother, unto Philemon our dearly beloved, and fellowlabourer,
Phmn1:2 And to our beloved Apphia, and Archippus our fellowsoldier, and to the church in thy house:
Phmn1:3 Grace to you, and peace, from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Phmn1:4 I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,
Phmn1:5 Hearing of thy love and faith, which thou hast toward the Lord Jesus, and toward all saints;
Phmn1:6 That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
Phmn1:7 For we have great joy and consolation in thy love, because the bowels of the saints are refreshed by thee, brother.
Phmn1:8 Wherefore, though I might be much bold in Christ to enjoin thee that which is convenient,
Phmn1:9 Yet for love's sake I rather beseech thee, being such an one as Paul the aged, and now also a prisoner of Jesus Christ.
Phmn1:10 I beseech thee for my son Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds:
Phmn1:11 Which in time past was to thee unprofitable, but now profitable to thee and to me:
Phmn1:12 Whom I have sent again: thou therefore receive him, that is, mine own bowels:
Phmn1:13 Whom I would have retained with me, that in thy stead he might have ministered unto me in the bonds of the gospel:
Phmn1:14 But without thy mind would I do nothing; that thy benefit should not be as it were of necessity, but willingly.
Phmn1:15 For perhaps he therefore departed for a season, that thou shouldest receive him for ever;
Phmn1:16 Not now as a servant, but above a servant, a brother beloved, specially to me, but how much more unto thee, both in the flesh, and in the Lord?
Phmn1:17 If thou count me therefore a partner, receive him as myself.
Phmn1:18 If he hath wronged thee, or oweth thee ought, put that on mine account;
Phmn1:19 I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.
Phmn1:20 Yea, brother, let me have joy of thee in the Lord: refresh my bowels in the Lord.
Phmn1:21 Having confidence in thy obedience I wrote unto thee, knowing that thou wilt also do more than I say.
Phmn1:22 But withal prepare me also a lodging: for I trust that through your prayers I shall be given unto you.
Phmn1:23 There salute thee Epaphras, my fellowprisoner in Christ Jesus;
Phmn1:24 Marcus, Aristarchus, Demas, Lucas, my fellowlabourers.
Phmn1:25 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
