Prv4:1 Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to know understanding.
Prv4:2 For I give you good doctrine, forsake ye not my law.
Prv4:3 For I was my father's son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother.
Prv4:4 He taught me also, and said unto me, Let thine heart retain my words: keep my commandments, and live.
Prv4:5 Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth.
Prv4:6 Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee.
Prv4:7 Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.
Prv4:8 Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her.
Prv4:9 She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.
Prv4:10 Hear, O my son, and receive my sayings; and the years of thy life shall be many.
Prv4:11 I have taught thee in the way of wisdom; I have led thee in right paths.
Prv4:12 When thou goest, thy steps shall not be straitened; and when thou runnest, thou shalt not stumble.
Prv4:13 Take fast hold of instruction; let her not go: keep her; for she is thy life.
Prv4:14 Enter not into the path of the wicked, and go not in the way of evil men.
Prv4:15 Avoid it, pass not by it, turn from it, and pass away.
Prv4:16 For they sleep not, except they have done mischief; and their sleep is taken away, unless they cause some to fall.
Prv4:17 For they eat the bread of wickedness, and drink the wine of violence.
Prv4:18 But the path of the just is as the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day.
Prv4:19 The way of the wicked is as darkness: they know not at what they stumble.
Prv4:20 My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.
Prv4:21 Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.
Prv4:22 For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.
Prv4:23 Keep thy heart with all diligence; for out of it are the issues of life.
Prv4:24 Put away from thee a froward mouth, and perverse lips put far from thee.
Prv4:25 Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee.
Prv4:26 Ponder the path of thy feet, and let all thy ways be established.
Prv4:27 Turn not to the right hand nor to the left: remove thy foot from evil.
