Prv5:1 My son, attend unto my wisdom, and bow thine ear to my understanding:
Prv5:2 That thou mayest regard discretion, and that thy lips may keep knowledge.
Prv5:3 For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil:
Prv5:4 But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.
Prv5:5 Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.
Prv5:6 Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.
Prv5:7 Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth.
Prv5:8 Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house:
Prv5:9 Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel:
Prv5:10 Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger;
Prv5:11 And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed,
Prv5:12 And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof;
Prv5:13 And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!
Prv5:14 I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly.
Prv5:15 Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.
Prv5:16 Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.
Prv5:17 Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee.
Prv5:18 Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth.
Prv5:19 Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love.
Prv5:20 And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger?
Prv5:21 For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings.
Prv5:22 His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins.
Prv5:23 He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray.
