Psa9:1 I will praise thee, O LORD, with my whole heart; I will shew forth all thy marvellous works.
Psa9:2 I will be glad and rejoice in thee: I will sing praise to thy name, O thou most High.
Psa9:3 When mine enemies are turned back, they shall fall and perish at thy presence.
Psa9:4 For thou hast maintained my right and my cause; thou satest in the throne judging right.
Psa9:5 Thou hast rebuked the heathen, thou hast destroyed the wicked, thou hast put out their name for ever and ever.
Psa9:6 O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou hast destroyed cities; their memorial is perished with them.
Psa9:7 But the LORD shall endure for ever: he hath prepared his throne for judgment.
Psa9:8 And he shall judge the world in righteousness, he shall minister judgment to the people in uprightness.
Psa9:9 The LORD also will be a refuge for the oppressed, a refuge in times of trouble.
Psa9:10 And they that know thy name will put their trust in thee: for thou, LORD, hast not forsaken them that seek thee.
Psa9:11 Sing praises to the LORD, which dwelleth in Zion: declare among the people his doings.
Psa9:12 When he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: he forgetteth not the cry of the humble.
Psa9:13 Have mercy upon me, O LORD; consider my trouble which I suffer of them that hate me, thou that liftest me up from the gates of death:
Psa9:14 That I may shew forth all thy praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.
Psa9:15 The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the net which they hid is their own foot taken.
Psa9:16 The LORD is known by the judgment which he executeth: the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands. Higgaion. Selah.
Psa9:17 The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations that forget God.
Psa9:18 For the needy shall not alway be forgotten: the expectation of the poor shall not perish for ever.
Psa9:19 Arise, O LORD; let not man prevail: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.
Psa9:20 Put them in fear, O LORD: that the nations may know themselves to be but men. Selah.
